# Methodology of becoming the Human.

Author doesn't take responsibility for methodologies and practical recommendations described in this book. You can misinterpret them according to own experience, as result overreact and damage yourself and people around. For this reason, it's better not even start to do things described in this book. Treat it like funny book, close it and forget everything you read here to not risk and create unrecoverable consequences. If you do something in wrong way, you can only aggravate the situation. So you can perceive this stuff like fancy story of demented kurd.

But there will be ones, who really understand this stuff, who feel that this is what he looking for all his life. That it's missing info what he need to transform from an idler into human which start to create a really interesting life. There will be small number of such people, and they will immediatly catch ideas from this book. They should not hurry up, and gradually do experiments on themselves, according to recomendations described in this book.  For sure, in the process there some nuances appear, and as result you will have your own ideas how you can do variations(go harder) in your life.

Don't forget about safety precautions, for reason to not damage yourself if you overreact. Before put this book in the Web, I gave to read this book to 5 different people, which have different age and life experience to understand how much dangerous the stuff in this book. According to received feedback, I make some recomendations less radical. Recomendations intentionally described in general way, since people which has no "receiver"(ability to analyze own behavior and how this behavior was formed, and understand the message which autor wants spread around the world in this book) can apply my methodology in stupid way, and damage yourself. People which has "receiver" understand everything even without details. There is many practical recomendations in this book, you can just take them and apply in your life. After that you will see on your own experience how will change the way you think and you will feel strong desire to act and achieve the goals, instead of just stagnate and think about "global problems, eternal values, meaning of life, etc".

You can think that this book gives some fabricated recommendations, which cannot help you in real life, but just involve you in some adventure. Nothing of the kind, I rethought every recomendation many times, and apply 90% of this recomendations in own life, more over do it without any plan, just because during my life I often needed overcome obstacles. Before you can imporve your life, you need your life becomes worse, and after that your brain start think in correct way, you become more pragmatic, naivity disapear, as well as baseless optimism and fairy images from films.

After overcoming every obstacle that described in this book, You start to be realistic, pragmatic and adequate(according to your environment) person, and after that you cannot continue to fool yourself. You will see how much people you know are naive, unadapted to life and behaves like a gopher. They doesn't have enought life experience and doesn't understend how things work. Because everyone live in it's own hedged microworld, which is safe and full of illusions, BECAUSE they live in peacuful environment with enough amount of resources. They can't go out of this microworld, put the goals and achieve them, because they can't perceive the world in the way how it really works, since doesn't interoperate with it in wide variety of ways.

The more "tasks"(my recommendations) you done, the more soon you start to think in right direction. Your mentality will transform, you start feel different emotions, you will look at yourself, your behavior and people around you from much more bigger amount of angles. You will reestimate the goals in your life, understand your gist, the bounds of your weakness and strength. You can't achive this understanding through reading books or watching films. You can't watch a horror movie and think that now you understand what is a "fear". You should feel it on yourself.

In this book, I will give you really well-thought recomendations, how to feel your bounds in relatively safe way. In such way when you constantly stay on the bound where you touch the reality without any illusions. Again, it's not possible to do theoretically. You need to be kick started by some negative conditions, for a reason you eventually form the foundation which serve you as platform to start. You have no such platform for now, your essence is shaky, you are naive and full of an estrogen.

"Tasks" will help to form yourself, your core. Don't scary to fulfill tasks(but don't overreact) - it's not scary, all fun start when you go into action, tasks just help your to stop sit back and stagnate while you looking for "easy way"(they doesn't exist). Moreover recomendations in this book actually is "easy way", since they well-thought, tested and help you to grow.

You need train yorself. If you don't learn yourself overcome obstacles(inside and outside) even in peacfull environment, then environment will hurt you and create even more hard obstacless for you, even if you go "easy way". And in such case the way how evolve your life depends of luck: you can take "blows of fate", which doesn't give you any useful feedback and doesn't motivate you to act, they only break you and you even dont understand what's(and how)  happen, as result you achieve nothing. And eventually some "blow of fate" ultimately break you. To prevent it, it makes sense to pass all this obstacles in advance, start to control your life, and live interesting life and do it without fear. In order to achieve something untrivial, instead of live out your life like 99% of gophers which doesn't even know why they live, what they really want, they are dull and full of estrogen, with tons of controversial desires and ideas. 

You need constantly to discipline and test yourself, and shape yourself in right way. Until you don't test yourself on practice, it makes no sense to talk about business and other serious projects. Initially you should throw away weakness, tenderness and reverie. You cant eliminate it just through mental work, you need go through different kinds of obstacles and go beyond your regular life. You face different situations, cope with it, feel your emotions, filter unproductive emotions, consolidate your self-assurence and positive experience, throw away tenderness and womanhood ... and in such way evolve and grow.

You have ability get rid all unnecessary shit of your life, and eventuall start to be effective and productive. In order to be able find real and efficient ways to achieve your goals, with understanding real price which you need to pay for this. You need feel real emotions, instead of just put yourself on the place of hero when you (once again) see the "Fight club". Becouse if you do so, you misinterpret ideas under your own distorterd world-view, which is full of estrogen and illusions. Just try live one weak on the streat without any means, and after that we'll have a conversation. After that look at the problem you complain about and your naive dreams and world-view. Or, if you not a doctor, look at human corpse, go to a funeral or morgue, look at an autopsy. Look at the human corpse without head or any other piece of body ... and after that we'll have a conversation with you about spirituality, paradise and hell. Your world-view has no intersaction with reality, you dont see and understand it. Your thoughts full of illusions. Just try experiments described bellow and your world-view will be changed.
