# Experiments on yourself

## Feel the fear of death

Go to funeral, morgue, cemetery. Look at an autopsy.

Because of living in stable, safe and comfortable environment, people lose the sense of reality.  They often don't understand how cruel and biological environment around us, and how fragile the human life. Most of the people how such understending, especially young guys, which live with moms, and stay in a some kind of vacuum. Such guys have naive thinking and full of estrogen, when they have nothing in their head except "love", luck, "good future" and entertaiment. And in the same time they want to achieve something. But with such full of illusions thinking, they cannot achieve something valuable in real life.

The more earlier young man will see how biological, cruel and primitive the real life and the earlier he will understand how this world work, the easily they can adapt, understand(this environment) and succed in this environment. For a reason, not to look like lion which was grown in the circus and some day was released to in wild environment, and which cannot do anything to stay alive. This is the main problem of most young men, because they cant see how environment around them really works, what qualities society has, how much it cynical and far away from the notions of those men. During conversations with such young men, I was seeing that they have no clue what life is about in all richness of this term.

Recommendation to fees the fear of death can be useful for many people because they can feel emotions which alien for them. That young man see a human corpse, and realize that life is limited. More over, it's desirable that this was a corpse of young man, which perish in stupid way because of "unrequited love". Or he had a good life, and after that he suddenly died, scratch his hand and became infected by stafilococ and die. Your goal to image yourself on his place when you will be at his funeral. Also see at events around you, how some people, which even dont know this guy, pay tribute to some ritual and believe that this guy will go to paradise. It's useful to realize meaningless of thise ceremony, and realize that you can be like this guy in any moment. Also you realize how small you problems now, because of which you worry.

It's useful to see an autopsy, try to get into this event through your friends from Medical college, or just go to morgue and see corpses with labels on big fingers of their legs. To see how much human is primitive and fragile being, when some one rip open his body, take out his entrails and measure them. You can understand doctors which do that job, and why they dont believe in "afterlive", ezoterics and other fancy story. Anyone who tells stories about all this fancy worlds - it's people with child-thinking, which didn't see life from many perspectives. This recommendation is pretty useful if you don't want to be such chatterbox, but want to be more realistic and see the world as it is.
